Add DNT tags (#17752)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile/mobile-sdk/record-custom-events.mdx

Important considerations and best practices include:

* You should limit the total number of event types to approximately five. `eventType` is meant to be used for high-level categories. For example, you might create an event type `Gestures`.

> * Do not use `eventType` to name your custom events. Create an attribute to name an event or use the optional `name` parameter. You can create many custom events; it is only event types that you should limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Do not use `eventType` to name your custom events. Create an attribute to name an event or use the optional `name` parameter. While you can create numerous custom events, it's crucial to limit the number of `eventType`s.
```
